ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/ItemPanierTest.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.ItemPanierTest
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/persistence/EtudiantMapper.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.persistence.EtudiantMapper
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/injection/RestApplicationPathConfig.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.injection.RestApplicationPathConfig
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/PanierTest.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.PanierTest
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/Etudiant.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.Etudiant
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/Item_inventaireTest.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.Item_inventaireTest
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/Commande.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.Commande
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/EtudiantTest.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.EtudiantTest
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/CommandeTest.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.CommandeTest
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/injection/MyBatisSqlSessionFactoryProducer.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.injection.MyBatisSqlSessionFactoryProducer
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/ConcreteBuilderProduitTest.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.ConcreteBuilderProduitTest
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/BuilderCommande.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.BuilderCommande
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/ItemPanier.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.ItemPanier
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/ConcreteBuilderCommande.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.ConcreteBuilderCommande
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/ConcreteBuilderProduit.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.ConcreteBuilderProduit
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/presentation/CommandeServiceTest.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.presentation.CommandeServiceTest
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/presentation/mat.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.presentation.mat
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/builderProduit.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.builderProduit
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/Produit.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.Produit
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/Item_inventaire.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.Item_inventaire
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/ProduitTest.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.ProduitTest
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/Item_Commander.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.Item_Commander
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/Item_CommanderTest.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.Item_CommanderTest
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/BooleanMat.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.BooleanMat
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/business/Panier.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.business.Panier
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/presentation/ProduitService.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.presentation.ProduitService
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/presentation/PanierService.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.presentation.PanierService
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/presentation/CommandeService.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.presentation.CommandeService
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/presentation/InventaireService.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.presentation.InventaireService
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/presentation/DataBase.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.presentation.DataBase
ca/usherbrooke/gegi/server/presentation/EtudiantService.java
 ca.usherbrooke.gegi.server.presentation.EtudiantService
